the classic red lips that every girl can
wear and we're going to show you how to
rock this look yeah yeah
believe the peanut butter this video is
going to show you how to choose the
right red lip color for your skin tone
red lipstick is so in right now but
remember it's a classic so it never
dates not every red lip color is the
same it's not a one size fits for all
some red lip colors have different
undertones which I'm going to teach you
about it's kind of like a painting here
i'm taking a red paint color with a
cooler undertone and i'm going to paint
it on this canvas which has a warm
undertone now i'm going to take a
different red color with a more orange
or warm undertone and i'm going to apply
this on the same canvas notice how much
brighter the color looks warm reds are
going to look better on warm backgrounds
so the canvas to my right has a cool
undertone i'm going to apply a warm red
and a cool red on it notice the
difference coeds complements cool
undertones
so how do we figure out our undertone
color when it comes to our complexions
there are a few easy ways one is the
jewelry method here amy is testing to
see if gold jewelry looks better on her
or silver we all noticed and agree that
silver complements her skin tone more
which means amy has a cool undertone if
it was gold she would have a warmer
undertone so she's going to need a red
lip color which has a more bluish hue to
it here she's using color design
lipstick and red stiletto people with
cool undertones tend to have a Pinker
hue to their skin a cool red will
instantly brighten their complexion
another method is trying on white
clothes look and compare if a true white
or off-white looks better on your skin
tone if all flight looks better on you
you have a warm undertone if true white
looks better on you then you have a cool
undertone albarn is obviously warm she
has a yellow undertone that gives her
skin that golden look so we're going to
use a lip color that has a more orange
undertone to it laughs Allah rouge in
absolute Rouge this will compliment her
skin tone beautifully and give her that
radiant glow last but not least my
favorite method which is the wrist
method make sure you're outdoors for
this you need natural lighting look at
your wrist and look closely at your
veins are they blue then that means you
have a cooler undertone if your olive
that means you have a warmer undertone
because when yellow is mixed with blue
which is the color of your veins it
turns green if you can't tell and you
tend to look good in both gold and
silver jewelry then you're neutral I
have a neutral undertone which means I
can wear both warm or cool Reds so I'm
going to wear my favorite color design
matte lipstick and red oats these matte
lipsticks are fun because not only is
the color payoff amazing but you don't
have to worry about dry lips these
formulas are rich and hydrating without
sacrificing the matte finish so don't be
scared to wear loud colors because a
matte texture will keep the look
understated I just recommend keeping the
rest of your makeup simple especially
your eyes if you're going to play up
your lips so now we're finished notice
how all our skin instantly looks
brighter thanks to understanding and
recognizing our undertones we were able
to select the right red lip color to
complement each of us so have fun
finding your right shade a red
lip never dates
makeup was provided by Lancome so we
hope you enjoyed this tutorial good luck
music by Auburn Williams perfect two
please visit Lancome com